TELCODOCS-364-multi-clusters:TOC review [WIP] (#42955)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-required-changes-to-the-git-repository.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ztp-required-changes-to-the-git-repository_{context}"]

> = Required changes to the Git repository

Author: removed

> = Required changes to the Git repository

Author: It's a Concept topic.

When upgrading from an earlier release to {product-title} 4.10, additional requirements are placed on the
contents of the Git repository. Existing content in the repository must be updated to reflect
these changes.

* Changes to `PolicyGenTemplate` files
+

> All `PolicyGenTemplate` files must be created in a Namespace prefixed with `ztp`. This ensures

Author: changed.

that the GitOps ZTP application is able to manage the Policy CRs generated by GitOps ZTP
without conflicting with the way {rh-rhacm-first} manages the policies internally.

* Remove the `pre-sync.yaml` and `post-sync.yaml` files
+
This step is optional but recommended. When the `kustomization.yaml` files are added,

> the `pre-sync.yaml` and `post-sync.yaml` files are no longer used. They should be

Author: changed

removed to avoid confusion and can potentially cause errors if kustomization files are
inadvertantly removed. Note that there is a set of `pre-sync.yaml` and `post-sync.yaml`
files under both the `SiteConfig` and `PolicyGenTemplate` trees.

> * Add kustomization.yaml to the repository

Author: changed.

+

> All `SiteConfig` and `PolicyGenTemplate` CRs must be included in a "kustomization.yaml"

Author: changed.

file under their respective directory trees. For example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
├── policygentemplates
│   ├── site1-ns.yaml
│   ├── site1.yaml
│   ├── site2-ns.yaml
│   ├── site2.yaml
│   ├── common-ns.yaml
│   ├── common-ranGen.yaml
│   ├── group-du-sno-ranGen-ns.yaml
│   ├── group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
│   └── kustomization.yaml
└── siteconfig
    ├── site1.yaml
    ├── site2.yaml
    └── kustomization.yaml
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The files listed in the `generator` sections must contain either `SiteConfig` or
`PolicyGenTemplate` CRs only. If your existing YAML files contain other CRs,
for example, `Namespace`, these other CRs must be pulled out into separate files and

> listed in the "resources" section.

Author: changed.

====
+

> The `PolicyGenTemplate` kustomization file must contain all `PolicyGenTemplate` yaml files in

Author: changed.

the `generator` section and `Namespace` CRs in the `resources` section. For example:
+

> [source,terminal]

Author: changed.

----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

generators:
- common-ranGen.yaml
- group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
- site1.yaml
- site2.yaml

resources:
- common-ns.yaml
- group-du-sno-ranGen-ns.yaml
- site1-ns.yaml
- site2-ns.yaml
----
+

> The `SiteConfig` kustomization file must contain all `SiteConfig` yaml files in the

Author: changed.

`generator` section and any other CRs in the resources:
+
[source,terminal]
----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

generators:
- site1.yaml
- site2.yaml
----

* Review and incorporate recommended changes
+
Each release may include additional recommended changes to the configuration applied to

> deployed clusters. Typically these changes result in lower CPU use by the OpenShift platform,

Author: no change.

│   └── kustomization.yaml
└── siteconfig
    ├── site1.yaml
    ├── site2.yaml
    └── kustomization.yaml
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The files listed in the `generator` sections must contain either `SiteConfig` or `PolicyGenTemplate` CRs only. If your existing YAML files contain other CRs, for example, `Namespace`, these other CRs must be pulled out into separate files and listed in the `resources` section.
====
+
The `PolicyGenTemplate` kustomization file must contain all `PolicyGenTemplate` YAML files in the `generator` section and `Namespace` CRs in the `resources` section. For example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

generators:
- common-ranGen.yaml
- group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
- site1.yaml
- site2.yaml

resources:
- common-ns.yaml
- group-du-sno-ranGen-ns.yaml
- site1-ns.yaml
- site2-ns.yaml
----
+
The `SiteConfig` kustomization file must contain all `SiteConfig` YAML files in the `generator` section and any other CRs in the resources:
+
[source,terminal]
----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

generators:
- site1.yaml
- site2.yaml
----

* Review and incorporate recommended changes
+

> Each release may include additional recommended changes to the configuration applied to deployed clusters. Typically these changes result in lower CPU use by the OpenShift platform, additional features, or improved tuning of the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each release may include additional recommended changes to the configuration applied to deployed clusters. Typically these changes result in lower CPU use by the {product-title}, additional features, or improved tuning of the platform.
```
